I will come back on this video here we're finally going a goal in getting to building objects.
Well not exactly.
Before we build objects you know that we need to define its environment its environment is a class definition
description a blueprint of the object.
So we need firstly we need to set the properties and methods of this object that we will be building.
Right.
So let's go ahead and define the class.
That's what I'm trying to say here.
I don't want to go too deep on it.
And boy you to death.
But let's go ahead and describe.
Let's define a class.
So let's go to the blank that BHB let's do say maths and let's go ahead and say it as a class on the
score card.
BHB Boom.
Let's take that off.
Safe.
Are not going too fast for you.
Let's open that tax right here.
All right so what is the syntax of a class.
All right so the syntax class is the key word that we need a right to get this going and the name of
that class just like functions or we have a key word just to say Apache knowing that we will be creating
a class.
So get ready Apache we will be creating a class and the class name will be car.
Make sure you capitalize that see if you're following me or whatever for the letter of that word that
you are creating that class is always going to be capitalized if nice not going to be consider a class
rule.
Unbelievable right.
Opening curly brackets perfect.
We have done.
We created a class.
So now this blueprint here has to have many things inside and we're not going to go into details in
this video here but we will check to see if this class was already defined if it's working right.
So let's do that.
Let's create an if statement and let's use a function pre-build function of PH BE CALLED class exist.
I believe this is the word right there.
And what class are we trying to find out.
That is it.
Which one is it right here right here.
Car.
This put some code in there and write it down.
So what I want to say for that is just do I want to say something boring.
It does exist.
So we want to say something like Yeah a nice nice right.
And then if it doesn't work well when I say something like
something really excited like you know I hope you're laughing right now.
All right.
But anyway we're going to leave it like that.
So let's go ahead and open in the browser.
All right.
And let's see oh yeah.
The class is working.
Nice.
What about if I go like this.
Change it.
No that does not sound very exciting.
Let's see.
Let's try that again.
Yes.
The classes were iggie.
All right.
Let's try that again.
No man.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this video here.
So we define a class here.
Now the next step to do this next step for the find in the class is actually creating some some content
for it right some properties or methods and and make it.
And then at the end the goal is to create an object right.
So anyways Hopefully you were able to get some valuable knowledge out of this and some laughs.
And I see you in the next lecture.
Take care